Replacing bulbs with Hyundai accent
dashboard is done so
unscrew the 2 upper screw here
here and here we pull it
like in the past month I have it already filmed
for convenience steering wheel lower arm
down to conveniently lower it to the
bottom and unscrew the panel four screws
here here here on this side here
here we continue to get the panel itself now
Just put the panel neatly
we take it out we lay on the flank we put the tank
what we go next we go on here
light bulb and here's a light bulb on this country
We turn this way God extracts Berthoud
Here I have now a red light bulb
but you can put any put they
also easily inserted turned here
also put dragged pasted
turned going is just as easy
on the other side just turn over
panel on the other side raspberry
here we see the same light bulb and
here's a light bulb also they turn around in
side and taken out everything is very simple after
what changed we take the panel insert
her brother
so began to twist again these four
self tapping screw spun first i
standing fix at the top and click to the bottom
here I will not put but here
basically everything